Hi, guys.
Walker, in this lecture, we're going to be put to other projects.
Okay?
But before then, we're going to add a product to our cart.
So I'm going to have this product hard to cart, and.
The card screen.
Okay.
This is the product we're going to be ordering right now to do this.
We're going to go back to Our Vinci Code and then the screen cards screen over here.
Okay.
And now we can use Contra and B to make this way.
Now, when the user clicks on the checkout button, we are automatically going to have them order this
product.
Okay.
Now to do this.
We're going to do this over this function over there.
Okay.
Now you're going to stay on scorecards provider.
Then that gets standard for each.
Okay, Jason.
Now, the reason for this for each is we are looking over each item the user is going to order.
Okay.
Then as well.
We're gonna need to display it over here.
And as you know, in a lot of these places like this, we're going to need to run a loop of over each
other.
Tim writes, It does exactly why we have to look.
So we're simply looking over our Scott's I-10, then we're going to moderate.
Okay.
Now they are going to be using the sink so you can pass the sink or via and sink or they as well.
They were going to call it agreeable, which we have in the can just are weighted first that variable
which you have in the chorus, firebase tor, I think.
Okay.
Then does collection.
It's going to be harder now since we don't have it in the firebase.
It's been automatically created when we trigger this checkout.
Okay.
Then we can start diet.
Remember, each other is going to be connected to this other based on Heidi.
So all we can just do is.
Over here.
We just had some to give, which for now, later, we're going to make it more dynamic or more unique
so we can just say want to just want to to four or five.
Okay.
Great.
And so they were considered sex.
Okay.
Great.
Now the first field we need is going to be jihadi jihad.
For now, we can just see one, two, two, four, five.
And the other field we need is the user ID.
Okay, we're going to get the user ID.
So to do that, we're going to see a firebase.
Arts coded rainbow dots.
Current user dots.
You ready?
Okay.
It's kind of a no margin call in this Wendy's.
There's no log in.
So that's why we are losing it so hard this.
As well.
We need the plug out.
Okay.
Sorry for the now you can just.
It's to.
And is going to be this can just win them this to.
Other value, rewards of other value have access to.
Everything that has to do with the cards either.
Okay.
So there's going to be order.
Value.
While you.
Don't you try to look and.
We need a prize.
It's going to be harder.
Value.
That prize and.
As well.
We need the image of a hell.
There's no order but you.
That's immeasurable.
You're going to need to hardy trained core.
And as well, we need our medical products.
These are ones that is that I mean the same products using what is in other words you.
That quantity.
Okay.
As well.
You need to drink over.
And order dates.
But we can just see time.
So.
Time.
It's time.
Okay.
Dutch now.
This is basically it's.
Okay.
We can.
Once we start this.
Well to start in.
Okay.
It is going to take some time to restart that.
Then we can try it out.
Okay.
That's good.
Check.
Okay.
Now we can.
I think we can.
Click on this to cards.
And.
They could check out.
Okay, we can just check.
I'd seminar to make sure this there.
Before checking to.
Okay.
I think you did.
This is going to break our hearts.
Okay.
But birds and sea.
I don't really think there's any issues.
Okay, now let's go and check and I'm going to go to this and.
Rules and advantages.
So it was when you finish this.
Okay.
Great.
We have it.
Okay.
You can see this is the image area of the product.
This is the order date.
It was ordered a may ten, 20, 20.
So I think this date is wrong.
Okay.
Yeah.
Today's meeting.
And this is the other I.D..
We're going to make this unique.
And this is the price.
This is the quantity.
Right.
And this is the tie to iPhone and this is the user ID.
Okay.
We can just copy this and grant check if we have this user.
Users and.
I don't know.
There's a way to search.
Okay.
To.
Um.
Okay.
Really?
I don't know what it says anymore.
But there should be a way.
Okay.
I'm just going to leave that for now.
So you can see this is it's.
We can physically harden their products and.
You can just get rid of this.
And had this.
Yeah.
Cards and check outs.
Okay.
I think you can see it's what it does.
What you just did was to update this.
And the reason for this is because our I.D. is not unique.
So it assumes it's is just the same product and we just want to update it.
So that is the need of the hide.
So it's going to be NI is going to need to be unique, but currently it is not unique.
We should change I.D. and order.
He is going to see on the the user you can see under that product different from this.
Well since the hides within we did not make the ID and so what you just did was to update that assistant
product we have.
Okay.
Now you can just open this in a browser and you're going to see that is the products we just ordered.
And you can see the price.
Everything is the same.
The quantity is one.
You can see.
So it seems good, right?
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See?
And in this picture.